hello friends in this video
movie in 10 minute will introduce to you
a movie with a dramatic story
simple story and horror part to spice up
the weekend
i'm talking about bird box because this
is version 2 of a quiet place movie the
film marks the return of veteran actress
sandra bullock
bird box contains many profound messages
about the world of the visually impaired
when watching movies you will not be
startled by cheap jump scares
all fear and despair are exploited by
the fear hidden deep in each person's
soul
opening the movie with the movie
protagonist mallory wakes up in a forest
with a blindfold
she is trying to find her son the video
throws the viewer into an oppressive
space
not showing the character outside the
room next is the segment mallory is
taking prenatal check with jessica back
to the past five years earlier when
mallory had not given birth to her first
son
everything went well when she walked out
of the clinic and saw a girl trying to
kill herself
banging her hallory and jessica panicked
running out of the hospital
suddenly a series of events happened
around in front of the pregnant girl's
eyes
mallory's sister jessica has also
changed as she is looking ahead and her
eyes begin to show signs of change
jessica tried to rush forward making
mallory panic
pulling the steering wheel to calm
jessica before the car rushed forward
and there was an
accident before the movie's trailer also
wanted to emphasize that the film
characters are not allowed to open their
eyes even in any case
since the indoor glass windows must also
be covered by cloth and newspaper
not to let a ray of light enter the
house the whole vehicle used to move
must again try to protect and run out to
the street with detection sensors
obstacles talking about here makes us
think of the movie the others played by
female star nicole kidman
the others also do not give the viewer a
bright feeling
one by one each character must be
crouched into the darkness
making the space confusing and dark for
viewers but to do a separate video to
talk about the movie the other later
if you want me to review please leave a
comment below
coming back to bird box the netflix
product always keeps me looking forward
and after watching the trailer with the
movie's resemblance to a quiet place and
the other there's no reason we don't
spend an hour and 45 minutes
to enjoy this movie now i start to go
into the film
according to my subjective opinion if
you have not seen it
please turn off the video and enjoy
because there will be spoil there
[Music]
at first my feeling after watching the
movie was empty
not very good bird box is not a bad
movie
what the movie did should have been
elaborated to be more memorable
the film concept is bold and exciting
but birdbox classifies itself in the
stereotypical horror movie the film
opens with a scene where mallory tells
her two young children that the
blindfold is not removed no matter what
happens
she calls her son a boy and her daughter
a girl
they drifted on a river without knowing
where to sail next to the story about
five years ago
news and tv that people became crazier
than ever before
the authorities have yet to investigate
the cause
they only knew that before death the
mental condition of the victim was very
panic
director will bring the bird box
audience into the chaos caused by the
mallory and sister jessica caused
jessica is mallory's only relative and
at present
she has let the container stab her with
her eyes directed at mallory as a plea
panic panicked mallory was rescued in a
nearby house
an unknown character died trying to save
mallory
that ill-fated woman as douglas's wife a
grudge created from the very first
minutes of the film
three days later tom sent a pregnant
girl like mallory into the house
her name was olympia group of people to
cram into an
unfamiliar place at first showing
hospitality
but in turn the child in the person
caused conflicts to arise to try to
survive
however the members of the movie were
blurred out
initially when host greg attempted to
use a camera to observe the outside of
the house and be controlled by a
computer screen
it can be said that the director
intended to let the audience know the
net
nothing to do with sight is dominant
next is that charlie saved the team
while searching for food at the
supermarket by stopping charlie's tall
friend's intrusion
in the supermarket meanwhile douglas
held a giant shotgun standing by the
door
so why did douglas not fire a shot but
had to wait for charlie to act
this episode of the movie is also the
time that highlights the bird box
movie when the birds are detectives when
they can identify evil spirits around
birds flying around unsteadily far in
the cage
there is another detail outside there
are people who can resist this evil
spirit
they are crazy people nothing makes them
afraid
suffering so much that they have to seek
death to liberate
these individuals she attached make
others open their eyes and enjoy the
most beautiful things they are seeing
these crazy guys go around knock on the
door
come to your house and want you to enjoy
the beauty of death here is charlie's
tall friend
bird box turns those crazy people into
brainless zombies
in the eyes of human disdain in society
the mentally ill person is like the
devil's embodiment
that grim world has pushed innocent
people into the abyss
turned their backs and denied lucy and
felix followed it after the
superficially made love scene in the
kitchen took off their clothes with
everyone's only car they are not leaving
a deep impression in the film besides
the hot
disruptive way of youth the director's
compassion was worn to the audience when
over and over again
the people in the house invited unknown
people into a safe place
starting with tom opened the door for
the tall guy
making charlie die at the supermarket
and the climax is that olympia has
automatically extended the door for a
new friend
gary is the last also the guy who wrote
up the explanation for an hour more of
the movie
gary is a crazy smart guy making a
script to create a trust for the team
members
making them accept gary most
convincingly and in this situation who
is most hate from the beginning of the
movie
is a guy douglas locked in the garage
when showing an attitude of opposition
when not allowing gary in the house the
film continues with the scene where
olympia and mallory are in labor
laboring birth to the baby upstairs
gary opens a series of pictures on the
table on the paper
is a grim face has no fixed shape
through the paintings the audience can
imagine the dark and crazy world created
by director suzanne beer
monsters appear from hell invisible the
audience must be characters to see
gary caused everyone to witness these
horrifying scenes
opening with olympia then with cheryl
finally
mallory and babies luckily douglas
escaped from the garage
went upstairs and used a gun to shoot
gary but in the state of not seeing
anything
douglas was pushed down by gary to the
ground floor and killed with a knife
finally gary was shot dead by tom they
were ending the segment about the past
where only tom
mallory and two children survived the
name of mallory's son as boy
olympia's daughter is named girl a few
years after four members of the family
hid and lived in the dark long enough
the group of crazy peep the family tom
must sacrifice his eyes open to shoot
dead those crazy
before the incident tom received a radio
call from a group of people at the end
of the river
who said there was a community of people
enough food and people to fight the
great war
this that is also the reason why in the
opening scene of the movie
mallory and her two children have to sit
on a boat running up the river to drift
to a place unknown
there is only one identifier there there
are many birds and the ending of the
movie does not disappoint me with great
human significance
the leading destination is the school
for the blind the collective of people
here is blind from birth and accident
they live in the dark long enough to
handle any situation without sight
they live a happy beautiful life that
does not kill each other like the life
out there and the meaning conveyed
through the bird box
expresses the feeling of the unlucky
blind who lose their sight
they rely on the sense left to beat life
which is also the element that salvages
the whole story
need an entertaining film that is not
too heavy and stressful
in the movie there is no appearance of a
jump scare that startles you
each segment is displayed favorably for
visual conditions
making the movies not challenging to
reach viewers and creating tension
straight is the order if put on the
scale
the world a bird box is more frightening
than the world of a quiet place
the things seen ahead will be gone the
audience will not know where the
character has to run to escape
the movie does a great job of refreshing
its ideas in the horror genre
where the horror scripts that go into
trails like the devil the haunted house
or the exorcist are losing their
interest
how many points do you give bird box and
if you want movie and 10 minute review
which movie
please leave a comment below also don't
forget to like and subscribe
hi everyone thank you for watching video
if you feel video enjoyed like share and
to subscribe channel for the last video
thank you and see you in the next video